This is my weekly record page of what I have done for the CS102 group project. This page will be submitted together with the rest of the repository, in partial fulfillment of the CS102 course requirements.

~ 28 September - 26 October~
I came together with my groupmates and we discussed ideas for our project. I also could find some ideas. However, we finally decided to make an app that has a platform users can sell and buy second hand school materials. I thought about its features.
Then, I started to search and watch tutorials in order to learn Android Studio.

~ 02 - 08 November ~
I started to make user interface design with my groupmates. We eventually discussed and  finished designing most of the screens and made connections between them.
I also suggested some features which were forgotten.
Then, I wrote the details of some screens, which were for the UI Design Report.

~ 09 - 15 November ~
MIDTERM WEEK!!
~ 16 - 22 November ~
This week, considering feedback, I modified the details of some screens, and took part in the UI Design presentation.
Also, after watching several tutorials, I started to code what I learned as a practice for the project.

~ 23 - 29 November ~
Continuing watching tutorials about MVC, Android and making practice...

~ 30 November - 06 December ~
I thought about the detailed design of our projects with my groupmates and after distribution of tasks,as my part, I concentrated on writing the methods of core classes with Kerem.
Also, my parts generally are coding some views like My Posts, My Wishlist, My Blocklist, their pop-ups, their control classes and making connections between related core classes. 
Additionally, in order to learn to start one activity from another activity, I was continuing watching more tutorials.

~ 07 - 13 December~
Thinking hardly about core classes, their necessary methods and properties to cover any missings.
Then, I finally started to code some of the methods of the core classes (Wishlist Class, some of the methods of Post and User Class) using Android Studio.

~ 14 - 20 December ~
I start to code classes like My Posts, My Blocklist, their pop-ups, their controllers and making connections between related core classes. 	
Additionally, I code Wishlist Screen and change the design according to last feedback simultaneously. 
Also, in order to learn to start one activity from another activity or update the screens I was continuing watching more tutorials so it is a challenging week for me.

~ 21 - 27 December ~
This week is the last week of our project so I tried to fulfil my duties. I finished Admin Panel Activity class, its view and its adapter.
I added dialog pop-up to My Posts and Blocklist views for user interaction.
Then, I came together with Ferhat to do database connection on Wishlist, Blocklist and My Posts classes and bug fixing on these classes. 
Also, I tried to fix layouts to support different screen sizes which is successful for nearly most screens except too small phones. 

